In India, there are several interesting career options.
1. Fashion Designer
Clothing ensembles are created and designed by fashion designers. If you enjoy fashion and have a creative streak, this is the field for you. Fashion designers are in charge of developing new apparel and accessory designs in response to market demand. They collaborate with garment firms and luxury labels to create new designs.

2 Digital Marketer
You should become a digital marketer if you're interested in internet firms and want to work with them. As a digital marketer, you'll be in charge of assisting clients in building a strong online presence. Digital marketers write content, manage social media platforms, execute paid ad campaigns, analyze the outcomes, and ensure that their clients' online presence develops.

They frequently collaborate with a group of experts who help them promote their clients online. To become a digital marketer, you need be aware with numerous digital marketing principles such as SEO, SEM, Content Marketing, and so on. To get started, enroll in a digital marketing course.

3. Caterer
You can enter the catering industry if you enjoy cooking and want to start a business. Caterers are people who prepare food for special events like weddings and parties. You'll need to develop recipes and market your company. However, in this sector, you will meet a lot of new people and cook a lot of excellent food.

4. Event Coordinator
Event planners help their clients plan and organize events such as corporate events, birthday parties, and other social gatherings. They coordinate with vendors, manage the budget, locate and employ entertainers, and oversee the entire event. As an event planner (also known as an event manager), you can operate as a freelancer and be your own boss. It's without a doubt one of the most enjoyable professions.

5. Staff Photographer 
Photographers on staff work for newspapers, blogs, and magazines. They take pictures of people, locations, things, and events in order to publish them. The type of photographs you take is determined by the type of publication with which you work. A staff photographer for a vehicle blog, for example, would specialize in photographing automobiles. They should also be comfortable with photo-editing software such as Adobe Photoshop.

6 Personal Trainer
If you enjoy working out, becoming a personal trainer could be a great fit for you. Personal trainers build training and diet regimens for their customers and guide them through their workouts. They want to assist their clients in achieving their fitness objectives. Personal trainers might work for themselves or in gyms. If you want to work in this sector, you'll need a physical training certification.

7. Lawyer
Lawyers are in charge of assisting their clients with legal matters. They appear in court on behalf of their clients and submit their case to the judge. If you have excellent oratory and analytical skills, being a lawyer is an excellent choice.

There are many different types of lawyers depending on their specialty, such as divorce lawyers, corporate lawyers, criminal lawyers, and so on. After becoming a lawyer, you can work for a law firm, join a company, or create your own firm. You'll need an LLB degree to become a lawyer (Bachelor of Law).

9 Wedding Planner
The most important event in a person's life is their wedding. People hire wedding planners to ensure that their wedding goes off without a hitch. You'd organize the festivities, set up the ceremonies, meet with vendors, arrange places, and handle all of the wedding's necessary tasks as a wedding planner. It's a great field for people who are good at organizing and communicating.

10 Booking Agent
Booking agents assist musicians and performers in obtaining new gigs and employment. They are in charge of negotiating contracts on behalf of their clients. Musicians, actors, and performers work with booking agencies. In this career, you must have excellent interpersonal skills.

11 Tour Guide 
Tour guides are in charge of assisting tourists in exploring a certain location. They must have a thorough understanding of their location's history and facts because they are responsible for acquainting tourists with the area. It's undeniably one of the most intriguing job paths because it presents a unique blend of difficulties and opportunities.

12 Designer of video games
Characters, art, animation, and stages in a video game are created and designed by a video game designer. They are in charge of the game's graphics. They collaborate with other professionals such as video game developers, writers, and other creative types. As a result, they demand outstanding aesthetic abilities as well as good communication capabilities. Art applications (such as Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop) and computer languages are used by video game designers.
Python Course
